| BANG BANG BANQUET! |
----------------------

| OVERVIEW |
------------

Bang Bang Banquet! is a 3D brawler game with no current structure to the game
other than you are able to acquire melee and firearm weapons in order to
eliminate each screen of enemies.  The game is reminiscent of titles such as
Streets of Rage, Zombie Revenge, and Dynamite Deka.

At the moment, the idea is to have a player start with a fixed set of lives
(the less lives you initially start with, the higher your end score will be)
and will attempt to get to the end of the game with only those lives they have
been awarded.  Enemies will vary from the fast get-in-get-out style to larger,
hulking brutes which are much tougher to defeat.  Each stage ends with a boss
fight.  There is no set amount of stages, yet.  Ideally, each stage would last
ten to fifteen minutes for intermediate players on the hardest difficulty
setting.  Various weapons will be available to the player, such as shotguns,
pistols, baseball bats, pipes, light machine guns, and knives.  Health will be
acquired via medkits and food items (with a random chance for food items to be
spoilt, poisoning the player).  All areas in a stage have a time limit to push
the player along and offer replayability through attempting different
strategies to get the most out of each area.

Initally, the game will be available for the following platforms; Xbox 360,
SteamOS, Windows, Linux, Pandora, Pyra, BlackBerry 10, OUYA, and nVIDIA SHIELD.

Each platform will attempt to provide the same audio and visual experience.  On
the platforms with only a touchscreen, a controller will be required to play.
Network play for two players will be available, however, on the Xbox 360,
it will not be possible to play with people on other platforms.  Local
muliplayer is going to be supported to allow for those who want to play
together in the same room.

